Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
GIS Metadata
Identification_Information: Originator:
Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
(DAHP)
Publication_Date: 09/01/2006
Title: asites, adistricts, register_points, register_lines, register_polys, historicdistricts, surveys_pts, surveys_polys, surveys_lines Geospatial_Data_Presentation_Form: vector digital data Description: Cultural Resource data on record with the Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation.
Abstract:
These data represents buffered Archaeological sites, National and State Register listed properties and Cultural Resource Survey reports recorded with the Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation.
Purpose:
This dataset is an inventory of Archaeological sites, National and State Register listed properties and Cultural Resource Survey reports on record at the Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation (DAHP). Sites or surveys not recorded with DAHP are not included. These data are a work in progress and are constantly being updated.
Time_Period_of_Content: Current Time_Period_Information: Current Calendar_Date: 9/14/2005 Currentness_Reference: ground condition Status:
Progress: In work
Maintenance_and_Update_Frequency: Daily
Spatial_Domain:
Bounding_Coordinates:
West_Bounding_Coordinate: ­124.802981
East_Bounding_Coordinate: ­116.712795
North_Bounding_Coordinate: 49.041514
South_Bounding_Coordinate: 45.502177
Theme_Keyword: Archaeology Sites, National Register Properties, State Register Properties, Cultural Resource Survey Reports
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼Place_Keyword: Washington Access_Constraints:
Archaeology data are not subject to public disclosure based on RCW
42.56.300.
Use_Constraints:
This information is provided for reference only. Inquires about existence of archaeological sites should be answered "yes" or "unknown" based on the DAHP data. RCW 42.56.300 exempts cultural site locations from public disclosure. These data should not be displayed on maps or the World Wide Web.
Point_of_Contact: Contact_Person: Stephenie Kramer Contact_Organization:
Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
(DAHP)
Contact_Position: Assistant State Archaeologist
Contact_Address:
Address_Type: physical address
Address: 1063 S. Capital Way; Suite 106
City: Olympia
State_or_Province: WA
Postal_Code: 98504­8343
Country: USA
Contact_Voice_Telephone: (360) 586­3083 Contact_Electronic_Mail_Address: stephenie.kramer@dahp.wa.gov Data_Set_Credit:
Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation ( <http://www.dahp.wa.gov>) (DAHP); Environmental Affairs Office, Washington State Department of Transportation; Washington Department of Natural Resources and the National Park Service ( <http://www.nps.gov>)
Security_Information: Security_Classification: Restricted Security_Handling_Description:
Institutional protocols and computer security necessary to obtain and use
this data. Current Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) is required.
Native_Data_Set_Environment:
Microsoft Windows 2000 Version 5.0 (Build 2195) Service Pack 4; ESRI ArcCatalog 9.0.0.535
￼￼￼
￼Data_Quality_Information:
Digital data, (GIS data, scanned images, databases, etc.) generated by the Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation (DAHP), (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "information"), is provided on an "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" and "WITH ALL FAULTS" basis. Neither the DAHP nor any of its officials and employees makes any warranty of any kind for this information, express or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, nor shall the distribution of this information constitute any warranty. The information is collected from various sources and will change over time without notice. DAHP and its officials and employees assume no responsibility or legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, reliability, timeliness, or usefulness of any of the information provided nor do they represent that the use of any of the information will not infringe privately owned rights. The information is not intended to constitute advice nor is it to be used as a substitute for specific advice from a professional. You should not act (or refrain from acting) based upon the information without independently verifying the information and, as necessary, obtaining professional advice regarding your particular facts and circumstances.
Attribute_Accuracy:
Attribute_Accuracy_Report: Most attributes derived from hardcopy reports. Positional_Accuracy: Derived from hardcopy. Horizontal_Positional_Accuracy:
Lineage:
Source_Information:
Source_Scale_Denominator: 1:24000
Type_of_Source_Media: CD­ROM
Process_Description:
Site and survey locations are based upon field verification and reported to DAHP. Base maps are of varying scales and quality. DAHP examines and records these sites onto 7.5 minute USGS quadrangles. These sites are then digitized into the GIS (Archaeology sites are buffered based on the site type. In the case where more than one site type applies, then the greatest buffer distance was selected and applied to the data.) All attribute data are stored in the associated Access 2000 databases (ArchaeologyData_HARN_GDB.mdb, Register.mdb, for National and/or State Register listed sites and surveyreports_GDB.mdb for Cultural Resource Surveys) and related to the GIS layer based on the SITE_ID (Smithsonian Trinomial) for Archaeology and National and State Register listed sites or NADB for survey reports. For detailed information on recorded Archaeological resources, National and State Register listed properties and Cultural Resource Survey reports please reference the hardcopy documents.
Process_Date: 09/01/2006 Contact_Organization:
￼Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
(DAHP)
Contact_Position: GIS Manager Contact_Voice_Telephone: (360) 586­3064 Contact_Voice_Telephone: (360) 586­3081
Spatial_Data_Organization_Information: Direct_Spatial_Reference_Method: Vector Point_and_Vector_Object_Information: SDTS_Terms_Description: SDTS_Point_and_Vector_Object_Type: G­polygon Point_and_Vector_Object_Count: 19586
Spatial_Reference_Information: Horizontal_Coordinate_System_Definition:
Planar:
Map_Projection:
Map_Projection_Name: Lambert Conformal Conic Lambert_Conformal_Conic:
Standard_Parallel: 45.833333
Standard_Parallel: 47.333333 Longitude_of_Central_Meridian: ­120.500000 Latitude_of_Projection_Origin: 45.333333
False_Easting: 1640416.666667
False_Northing: 0.000000
Planar_Coordinate_Information: Planar_Coordinate_Encoding_Method: coordinate pair Coordinate_Representation:
Abscissa_Resolution: 0.004096
Ordinate_Resolution: 0.004096
Planar_Distance_Units: survey feet
Geodetic_Model:
Horizontal_Datum_Name: D_North_American_1983_HARN Ellipsoid_Name: Geodetic Reference System 80 Semi­major_Axis: 6378137.000000 Denominator_of_Flattening_Ratio: 298.257222
Distribution_Information: Distributor: DAHP
Contact_Information: (360) 586­3064 Contact_Organization:
Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
(DAHP) Contact_Position: GIS Manager
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Contact_Address: 1063 S Capitol Way, Suite 106 Address_Type: mailing address
Address: PO Box 48343
City: Olympia
State_or_Province: WA
Postal_Code: 98504­8343
Country: USA
Contact_Voice_Telephone: (360) 586­3064 Contact_Voice_Telephone: (360) 586­3081 Contact_Facsimile_Telephone: (360) 586­3067 Contact_Instructions:
Please be aware that an up­to­date, signed Memorandum of Understanding
is required before these data can be released. Resource_Description: Downloadable Data
Metadata_Reference_Information: Metadata_Date: 20060901
Metadata_Review_Date: 09/01/2006 Metadata_Contact: GIS Manager Contact_Information: (360) 586­3064 Contact_Organization:
Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
(DAHP)
Contact_Address:
Address_Type: mailing and physical address
Address: 1063 S. Capitol Way, Suite 106
Address: PO BOX 48343
City: Olympia
State_or_Province: WA
Postal_Code: 98504­8343
Country: USA
Contact_Voice_Telephone: (360) 586­3064 Contact_Electronic_Mail_Address: Joanne.markert@dahp.wa.gov Metadata_Standard_Name: FGDC Content Standards for Digital Geospatial Metadata
Metadata_Standard_Version: FGDC­STD­001­1998 Metadata_Time_Convention: local time
Profile_Name: ESRI Metadata Profile
